Write down 3 games that you have played recently.
For each one, write down:

1. Roblox -- Total Roblox Drama
What is the goal of the game?
To beat the other players.

How do you interact or control it?
WASD and spacebar

What happens when you win or lose?
The game ends if you win. If you lose, the game ends only for you.

2. Among us
What is the goal of the game?
To vote the imposter out if you are a crewmate. If you are the imposter,
kill all the crewmates.

How do you interact or control it?
WASD

What happens when you win or lose?
The game ends if you win. If you lose, the game ends only for you.

3. Roblox -- Solitary Confinement
What is the goal of the game?
To survive longer than the Jack of Hearts if you're a Player. If you are the Jack of Hearts,
lie to Players about their symbols discreetly and win when there's you and one other
Player left.

How do you interact or control it?
WASD/Spacebar

What happens when you win or lose?
The game ends if you win. If you lose, the game ends only for you.

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Flappy Bird Analysis Worksheet?

1. What are the objects? 
Flappy Bird itself graces us with its presence. Also, Green pole and background.

2. What are the player’s actions?
Clicking on the screen and avoid touching the green poles.

3. What is the goal?
To have the highest "Score".

4. What causes game over? 
Coming into contact with green poles.

5. How is progress shown?
By the number at the top centre of the screen.

1. Background and Character Setup
Background moving slowly to the left.
Character is in the middle of the screen and stays there throughout.

2. Player Movement & Gravity
Bird is always moving up and down because of gravity.
Bird can fly up on click.

3. Pipes or other Obstacles
The pipes appear at fixed distances.
The pipes change their y position randomly.

4. Scrolling and Camera Position
Camera is slowly moving to the right.
Pipes are moving to the left.
Background and floor is also moving and looping.

5. Sprite Collision and Game Over
You lose.
Bird can collide with pipes and floor.

6. Score Tracking and Sounds
Cool!